(Doc+) Link API doc to parent object - part1 (#111951)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-streams/lifecycle/apis/get-lifecycle.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Get Data Stream Lifecycle</titleabbrev>
++++

> Gets the <<index-lifecycle-management,lifecycle>> of a set of <<data-streams,data streams>>.

Author: ```suggestion
Gets the <<data-stream-lifecycle,lifecycle>> of a set of <<data-streams,data streams>>.
```
